gh-138497: Support LLVM_VERSION configuration via env (#138498)
python/cpython: Tools/jit/README.md

The JIT compiler does not require end users to install any third-party dependencies, but part of it must be *built* using LLVM[^why-llvm]. You are *not* required to build the rest of CPython using LLVM, or even the same version of LLVM (in fact, this is uncommon).

> LLVM version 19 is the officially supported version. You can modify if needed using the `LLVM_VERSION` env var during configure. Both `clang` and `llvm-readobj` need to be installed and discoverable (version suffixes, like `clang-19`, are okay). It's highly recommended that you also have `llvm-objdump` available, since this allows the build script to dump human-readable assembly for the generated code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LLVM version 19 is the officially supported version for building the JIT. You can modify it if needed using the `LLVM_VERSION` environment variable before building. Both `clang` and `llvm-readobj` need to be installed and discoverable (version suffixes, like `clang-19`, are okay). It's highly recommended that you also have `llvm-objdump` available, since this allows the build script to dump human-readable assembly for the generated code.
```
